README.md, before:

![Ansible Lint](https://github.com/johanneskastl/ansible-role-OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys/workflows/Ansible%20Lint/badge.svg)

OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys
=========

Put a public SSH key into `/etc/dropbear/authorized_keys` on a OpenWrt machine.

Requirements
------------

None.

Role Variables
--------------

You have two options:

In case you only need one key added to the `authorized_keys` file, use
`ssh_pub_key_location`.

- `ssh_pub_key_location`: Path to the public key file to be used, defaults to
  `~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub` on the Ansible controller machine

In case there are multiple keys you want to add, use `multiple_ssh_pub_key_locations`:

- `multiple_ssh_pub_key_locations`: list of strings, where each contains the
  path to a SSH publich key file.

Please note that this variable does not have a default value.

**Attention**: While specifying paths, please use `~/.ssh/...` and not
`$HOME/.ssh/...`, as this does not work.

Dependencies
------------

None

Example Playbook using default pubkey `id_rsa.pub`
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
```

Example Playbook using a different public key file
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
      ssh_pub_key_location: '~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub'
```

Example Playbook using multiple public key files
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
      multiple_ssh_pub_key_locations:
        - '~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub'
        - '~/.ssh/id_ecdsa.pub'
        - '~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub'
```

License
-------

BSD-3-Clause

Author Information
------------------

I am Johannes Kastl, reachable via kastl@b1-systems.de.

Commit message:

README.md: adapt to new variable multiple_ssh_pub_key_lines

README.md, after:

![Ansible Lint](https://github.com/johanneskastl/ansible-role-OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys/workflows/Ansible%20Lint/badge.svg)

OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys
=========

Put a public SSH key into `/etc/dropbear/authorized_keys` on a OpenWrt machine.

Requirements
------------

None.

Role Variables
--------------

You have ~~two~~ three options:

In case you only need one key added to the `authorized_keys` file, use
`ssh_pub_key_location`.

- `ssh_pub_key_location`: Path to the public key file to be used, defaults to
  `~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub` on the Ansible controller machine

In case there are multiple keys you want to add **from files**, use
`multiple_ssh_pub_key_locations`:

- `multiple_ssh_pub_key_locations`: list of strings, where each contains the
  path to a SSH public key file.

Please note that this variable does not have a default value.

**Attention**: While specifying paths, please use `~/.ssh/...` and not
`$HOME/.ssh/...`, as this does not work.

In case you want to add multiple keys by adding their **content**, not their
paths, use the `multiple_ssh_pub_key_lines` variable:

- `multiple_ssh_pub_key_lines`: list of strings, where each contains the
   content of a SSH public key file.

Dependencies
------------

None

Example Playbook using default pubkey `id_rsa.pub`
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
```

Example Playbook using a different public key file
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
      ssh_pub_key_location: '~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub'
```

Example Playbook using multiple public key files
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
      multiple_ssh_pub_key_locations:
        - '~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub'
        - '~/.ssh/id_ecdsa.pub'
        - '~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub'
```

Example Playbook using multiple public keys as content
----------------

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - role: 'johanneskastl.OpenWRT_dropbear_authorizedkeys'
      multiple_ssh_pub_key_llines:
        - 'ecdsa-sha2-nistp521 AAAAE2V...'
        - 'ssh-ed25519 AAAA...'
```

License
-------

BSD-3-Clause

Author Information
------------------

I am Johannes Kastl, reachable via kastl@b1-systems.de.
